https://medium.com/groceristar/ocr-project-part1-simple-introduction-ab7b64bf1864

So, what we have for this moment?
We actually completed it(as i was informed). so images converted into json or txt file.

But, data that we have in our output file is raw. It's hard to read file, or work with it as we want. Data should be converted into js objects, and we should be able to push this objects into our database. Database structure can be adjusted, so we need to have an ability to change the logic of output.


Basically I need ingredients, that related to some department.
like Milk related to Dairy, Carrots related to Vegetables. Looks simple, huh? Not so fast.






List of stages for OCR script


1. :white_check_mark: Setup project with modules, related to OCR conversion
2. :white_check_mark: Fix an issue, related to a small fonts, so all images that we have can be converted
3. :white_check_mark: Get an output file with data
4. :white_check_mark: Parsing of measurements from lists
5. Run tests with different cases and understand that all is working as it should.
6. Our output file has data from 30 images. structure of the data should match with our database schema
7. Finish project, by making an output portable to our database structure that we have at this moment
8. We have 100 converted and imported grocery lists into our database. All imported data displayed well in our project.





Some data that we have are separated between repositories.
It giving us an ability to be more agile. code can be easily shared between different teams.
Like i can pass data between React Frontend developers and Machine learning team.

At first article I mentioned a "fetch" plugin that storing data of grocery lists.
Briefly it's a plugin that reads json file and return data in format that we need at our NodeJS projects. Without this plugin all data that will be generated by our script will need to be tested at server side, before importing into database. But this will eat a lot of time and generate a lot of conversation between different teams. With this plugin our teams are independent, but connected by logic of this plugin.
ML team can generate data and compare it with data that we have in our plugin.
JS developers can use this plugin without thinking about credentials, connection to our API, etc.


Just imagine this situation - we generate a file with data from OCR script - we import it into our server and all start to crash. and it'll be hard to debug where we have an issue. This plugin is trying to prevent that.
----------------------------------




In order to give more details - this is our current db schema at Groceristar.

[we need to put a database schema that we have at groceristar]


This is how our database looks like https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ChickenKyiv/creative/master/database-schemes/Groceristar%20%20%20SqlDBM.png




Our fetch plugin mimic this structure.
Our data is separated between few files.

at this article i want to show only simple examples, and in the next article you'll be able to check the code of the whole plugin.






In the ideal world, result should be something like this
(departments file)[https://github.com/GroceriStar/groceristar-fetch/blob/master/data/Departments/departments.json]

```
[
  {
    "name": "Fresh vegetables",
    "type": "food"
  },
  {
    "name": "Condiments / sauces",
    "type": "food"
  },
  {
    "name": "Dairy",
    "type": "food"
  },
```

(ingredient file)[https://github.com/GroceriStar/groceristar-fetch/blob/master/data/Ingredients/ingredients.json]

```
[{
    "name": "Asparagus",
    "department": "Fresh vegetables"
  },
  {
    "name": "Broccoli",
    "department": "Fresh vegetables"
  },
  {
    "name": "Carrots",
    "department": "Fresh vegetables"
  },
```

Note: structure for measurements is debatable, because we don't have a finished version of database table. Maybe it'll be something similar too
```
[{
    "singular": "gram",
    "plural": "grams",
    "abbreviation": "g"
  },
  {
    "singular": "slice",
    "plural": "slices"
  },
  {
    "singular": "teaspoon",
    "plural": "teaspoons",
    "abbreviation": "tspn"
  },
```
(measurements file)[https://github.com/GroceriStar/groceristar-fetch/blob/master/data/Measurement/measurements.json]




----------------------
So we have code stored at our repository on Github.
We have details about how to do it.
We have an images can be used in order to test how script works.











In ideal world result should be something like this
https://github.com/GroceriStar/groceristar/blob/master/bin/grocery/departments.js
https://github.com/GroceriStar/groceristar/blob/master/bin/grocery/ingredients.js
